Dr Katrina Groves: Hi, Joe. If this is you, I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Trying to remember who everybody is. But I think you're my transcriber if
Dr Katrina Groves: Could you send me another message and make sure that we're clear on how I'm doing my histories
Dr Katrina Groves: That
Dr Katrina Groves: The chief complaint that whole piece at the beginning and
Dr Katrina Groves: Having you automatically put that in as a psychic impression
Dr Katrina Groves: Looking for you. Am I getting everything I need to get
Just give me a email or whatever, if, if there's something I'm missing.
Dr Katrina Groves: And if I do forget to say stuff. It's
Dr Katrina Groves: Just do the template. Thanks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Actually, Joe. So the same for my Monday groups.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm going to try to remember to verbalize what the topic is if we have one with Becca, I'm going to try and do a chief complaint.
Dr Katrina Groves: On a have you do this is for the Monday and Thursday groups. Sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm going to review the expert. The a Sam the BAM seven the cures and then I'll also review the labs and your indirect screens as needed. And then I'm going to have you pull in one of the three either the family history past medical history or social history.
Dr Katrina Groves: And pulling the medication list and then I'm going to try to do review systems.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that's kind of the template for Monday's group.
Dr Katrina Groves: So this will be Gracie to Islam sorry Chisholm, date of birth is for 21
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm also a established out patient with me at Delaware community health center moving toward to bright heart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Dependence in remission severe
Dr Katrina Groves: And see your name, I cannot see you
Gracie Chisman: I can hear you. Can you hear me, I
Dr Katrina Groves: Can
Do you have
Dr Katrina Groves: I know. Do you have a little button on the bottom that has a video camera, you can put your picture on
Gracie Chisman: It shows nothing
Dr Katrina Groves: Me see
Dr Katrina Groves: Any sense
Gracie Chisman: I'm going to try to unlock my
Gracie Chisman: Video. Okay. I think we've got it.
Wow, you look
Dr Katrina Groves: You look amazing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, what do you do your
Gracie Chisman: Hair I dyed it again.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a great color.
Gracie Chisman: Unless you're out.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're outside, which is great.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I just actually got home from fishing to down and Carmen.
Dr Katrina Groves: How did that go
Gracie Chisman: It went really good. I went with my new boyfriend and his nephew and we went down there and set a net and they did their manly eel fishing on the reservation, so I can't do that cuz I'm a female, they don't. Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Now,
Dr Katrina Groves: Tell me about this boyfriend. This is good.
Gracie Chisman: Um, I've known him since before my brother was killed. I've known him for nearly 30 years he's been married, just like I was all these years.
Gracie Chisman: Um, he's known me since I was a little girl, since I was like years old.
Gracie Chisman: And him and his ex wife split up. He has a restraining order on her and
Gracie Chisman: We started talking in found out that each other was single, after all these years and
Gracie Chisman: So the last month, we've been seeing each other, it's been going great.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm so happy.
Gracie Chisman: So my for once. Finally, maybe, hopefully.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's all over your face. I can tell. Um,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's, that's really good. Okay, so, um, we have to spend like a half an hour here doing this history thing.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hopefully, neither one of us will get interrupted.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright.
So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I know some of this stuff you already think I know but just start at the beginning. And I'm tell about like how old were you when you first started using substances and what was it like a lot of people. It was pot or alcohol or when did you first start
Gracie Chisman: And my first thing I ever tried with cigarettes. When I was nine years old. Wow. The first time I tried smoking pot was when I was 12
Gracie Chisman: Um, first time I didn't mess. I was 17
Gracie Chisman: So long ago.
Gracie Chisman: About them now. Yeah. Now I Vegas. OK, so the pills. We started out, I don't know.
Gracie Chisman: Little over five years ago when I started getting surgeries and stuff and realizing I liked them and now my I'm having actually a struggle with something I've never had a problem with in my life. And that's all
Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: I got my second DUI. I'm
Gracie Chisman: Sorry to hear that I was supposed to have court yesterday, but they canceled it so
Gracie Chisman: I don't, I don't know what's going on with that yet.
Gracie Chisman: I lost my job yesterday.
Oh, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: So was that at the casino or where were you working
Gracie Chisman: Oh no. So, okay, I left the casino and I went to South and Chevron in Crescent City.
Gracie Chisman: Okay, no, the car wash. And I've been working there for like last three almost four months now.
Gracie Chisman: And I got fired from there yesterday for supposedly stealing Mike's Hard Lemonade, and to Danish
Gracie Chisman: Danish like cheesecake things. Oh my gosh. When I had paid for them earlier that day and everybody else does this and so i don't i don't know my boss text me like
Gracie Chisman: he texts me Monday morning when I was getting ready to actually walk to work. And I'm like, okay, like, okay, and he's all don't come in, you're suspended because of supposedly that FBI
Gracie Chisman: Investigation and I text them the next day I was like, you know, it's been 24 hours. What's going on stuff, no nothing, no Kersey tech back. Have I haven't heard anything or none. Then, yesterday I finally a
Gracie Chisman: Night yesterday, but by Thursday I text him. And I was like, so what's the news. It's been 72 hours. Now, you know, no response. So when my boss got off work.
Gracie Chisman: He got off work at 430 on Friday. And I ended up message or Thursday and I ended up messaging him it like almost five o'clock. And I was like, hey,
Gracie Chisman: You know, by law, they have 72 hours to either give me a check. Tell me I'm done for. Give me my schedule back
Gracie Chisman: And he's like, I haven't heard anything yet from I emailed him this morning. Hopefully I'll hear back from our morning. And so then yesterday morning came around and it showed my check was on my
Gracie Chisman: My app that I have for my paycheck and
Gracie Chisman: But my pay wasn't on my car. Each I text my boss. And I was like, hey, you know what's going on. Do I have a track down or something.
Gracie Chisman: Happened before. And then he ended up text me back later that day after I found out my money had gotten onto my card. Finally, that day.
Gracie Chisman: But he texts me finally after that it was like, oh yeah, just to let you know this is what they told me that they're laying off because supposedly two dashes and Mike's Hard Lemonade was stolen and all this and
Gracie Chisman: Like I didn't reply, I was just, I'm so pissed off and everything, because just like corporate nobody's gotten ahold of me to find out what's going on. What I have to say over the ordeal or anything in like okay
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're kind of
Dr Katrina Groves: happy that you're not working. There are you
Gracie Chisman: Yes and no. Yes and no. I mean, you know, it was a job. I was making more money than I was at the casino in the cage counting hundreds of thousands of dollars a day.
Gracie Chisman: And better benefits and everything. Cuz at the station. They had 401 K benefits that they actually added in where the casino, don't they don't add in at all.
Gracie Chisman: But the only thing I didn't like about was
Gracie Chisman: I was doing a lot of housekeeping and cleaning work that I've been saying for years. I don't want nothing to do with anymore. I don't, I don't want to clean. I don't want to do construction, I want an easier easy going job more or less so.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what's your plan. Now, how are you, I know it's just happened. So you probably haven't had a chance to think about it that
Dr Katrina Groves: You ever think about getting on with the school district or doing something else. Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, well I was already thinking about going back to college in the fall.
Gracie Chisman: Which I'm still thinking about doing that just now it's going to be you know i i gotta find another job. I've had surveillance coming in to the station and stuff like non stop the last couple weeks asked me, you know, like, come back the casino come upstairs.
Gracie Chisman: brainless. Yeah, that does it. They don't have to drive or anything so I
Gracie Chisman: Don't have to have a license for that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that'd be cool.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, cuz they're like, What the hell happened to you, you know, I've had two bands come in, they see me and they're like, whoa, that's where you're at, like what happened one day you're at the casino next day you're
Gracie Chisman: Like you know stuff happens. So, yeah.
Gracie Chisman: So,
Gracie Chisman: You know, just another step I gotta do, you know, get my get another job again and
Gracie Chisman: I gotta wait for court to be rescheduled because I had court for that yesterday for my second nearby or what might be my second UI noise.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's kind of crazy how when you have addiction, the brain. If it's not on one thing. It's trying to find something else to fill that spot. You know, so it's very common that people will switch from
Gracie Chisman: Manage
Dr Katrina Groves: Other years. Yeah. So do you think that's kind of what happened this happening with you or
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I'm actually really worried about it. I've talked to Tony about it. I've talked to my house counselor Tina and Katie
Gracie Chisman: Got it. Because I'm noticing.
Gracie Chisman: It's just like a revolving door this starting to lead downward. For me, it's like a new addiction and I don't know why I'm turned on to it by so much because I never had thing for alcohol in my life. And all of a sudden it's like bam, bam, bam, so
Dr Katrina Groves: So does your new boyfriend drink.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. Okay, that's one good thing he could maybe help you
Gracie Chisman: Not my booze not
Gracie Chisman: He used to, but after his wife and everything. He don't feel like it around him or anything. I feel like I'm a little kid hiding
Gracie Chisman: When I do drink around him so
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, okay.
Gracie Chisman: So I've, I've cut down the last month just from being with him alone. Um,
Gracie Chisman: Last night I I I BOUGHT A BOTTLE.
Gracie Chisman: I'm finishing it and I told him that
Gracie Chisman: I'm done drinking
Gracie Chisman: After that,
Dr Katrina Groves: How much do you think you drink before like a fifth day. I mean, how bad was it
Gracie Chisman: Before I started staying with my boyfriend. I was drinking
Gracie Chisman: Anywhere from a half fish, two fish today. I would say so. Standing my moms and I was saying my trailer says
Gracie Chisman: No is really staying secluded and that's that's another thing. It's not me. I'm not not a closet case drinker. I've never have been, I've always been a social drinker in I caught myself actually drinking by myself sneaking a
Dr Katrina Groves: Right.
Gracie Chisman: For no reason, either.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, there is a reason. It's just you. Maybe you don't see what it is at this point or
Gracie Chisman: No, it's because of the guilt. I don't want my kids coming over insane. My bottles are seeing me drinking all the time and stuff because
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: I'm already going through the same thing with my sister and my oldest daughter them getting pulled over all the times for DUIs and stuff my oldest daughter being in the car and everything and wow
Gracie Chisman: You know, and then the thing with my oldest brother and everything being killed by drunk driver and everything is just is.
Gracie Chisman: I don't know. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: When did that happen. When did your brother get killed.
Gracie Chisman: That was back in 96
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: The guy ID lie and five days didn't go for a DUI. That's all he got and he tried counter cheering them on for damages to spark.
Wow.
Gracie Chisman: And like I talked to Tina about that with hast yesterday, I was like, you know, I'm going through all this bullshit. And now I feel like I'm starting to get like a catch to alcohol and I'm trying not to. And
Gracie Chisman: It's just my way of, you know, running away from everything right now it's every once in a while. Just to just catch a break to get on my head everything right have you,
Dr Katrina Groves: Ever been on antidepressants or anything.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're not working.
Gracie Chisman: I don't know, I feel
Gracie Chisman: Like my Pro. As in, and all that. It's like, it feels like it's helping, especially the prize. And I'm not having the nightmares I used to have a not so
Gracie Chisman: Uptight and sketched out, like, you know, I noticed when people start coming up behind me and I get scared a lot. That's what I'm starting to get really
Gracie Chisman: antsy and everything. And that's been kind of happening. But the bad dreams haven't been coming in all out with the class and stuff. But as far as anything else goes, I have no motivation. I feel really, really just super, super depressed right now.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I'm trying to come out of in everywhere. I know possible. It's just
Dr Katrina Groves: So you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Post Traumatic Stress and and that's part of it and alcohol, you know, makes depression worse. It feels like it lives you lifts you a little but it actually worsens depression. So I don't know if that helps.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: See, and that's the thing is, yeah, it lowers it but you know
Gracie Chisman: When you're an addict. You don't really care. You're just looking for that escape.
Exactly.
Gracie Chisman: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you on the Lexapro, still the 10 milligrams or
Gracie Chisman: I am on. Hold on, I'll read you.
Gracie Chisman: Let me see here.
I would love that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Cuz last I see on your own chart you are on lexapro 10 milligrams
Gracie Chisman: Now I'm still on the three that I've been on for the last year or more at least
Gracie Chisman: So we have
Gracie Chisman: The limo trudging
Dr Katrina Groves: Moment don't yeah and that's
Gracie Chisman: What men, how many grams is that that is 125 100 milligrams every night. Okay.
Gracie Chisman: Then we have the pro as him which is five milligrams every night.
Dr Katrina Groves: Got it.
Gracie Chisman: And then we have the
Gracie Chisman: S galactose.
Dr Katrina Groves: Lexapro, as the top
Gracie Chisman: 10 milligrams every night. OK.
Dr Katrina Groves: That one could go up.
Gracie Chisman: Which one
Dr Katrina Groves: Is the telegram. The Lexapro.
Gracie Chisman: That one can go out okay he I call an ATP.
Dr Katrina Groves: ATP.
Gracie Chisman: Oh, he Lt. Our LP
Dr Katrina Groves: He LP, got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, now you need
Gracie Chisman: You need to ask
Dr Katrina Groves: For help he LP
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so do you. Who's your doctor now is that Dr Keeter
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And have you been in it all to the clinic. I mean, I know it's kind of crazy right now. But have you talked to her about depression or alcohol.
Gracie Chisman: No, I haven't seen Dr. Peter in probably a couple months now. I have been meaning to go in because I'm having a problem with my left shoulder. I had lifted a bunch of
Gracie Chisman: metal shelves into the dumpster at work.
Gracie Chisman: Like three, four weeks ago my shoulders been hurting ourselves. And really, really, really.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, yeah, trying to treat it like a sprain ice and
Gracie Chisman: Don't use it too much not been, I've been trying to do, but it's not helping. It's like just the little list of moves and stuff like that and certain positions. It just, oh my God sends a shooting pain down my neck.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Do you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have ibuprofen to
Gracie Chisman: I've been taking ibuprofen and Tylenol by the handfuls every day. Although here. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So one thought I had there's a medication called Camp route that works kind of like Suboxone for alcohol.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, that's one thing we could do is, is put you on that medicine. It takes the cravings away for the booze. It makes you feel
Gracie Chisman: Like, I don't really want actually having cravings.
Dr Katrina Groves: That makes sense. I mean you and
Gracie Chisman: I had cravings for
Gracie Chisman: Hours yesterday, until I finally was like, I gotta buy a bottle and I told my boyfriend. I was like, this is the last bottle. I've, I got a quick drink and like this is not helping me. I know this, but it's like
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Your mind I I was at a point I was, I was just fucking I was breaking
Gracie Chisman: Breaking
Dr Katrina Groves: So one thing I'll do is have you increase that esoterica prem to 20 milligrams a day because 10 is like a baby dose.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and what pharmacy. Are you at
Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: Walgreens. And do you have plenty of them. I didn't see your bottle that do you think your I'll just
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I just got him. I just got him refilled for a 90 day supply yeah that is
Gracie Chisman: Before so
Of course,
Dr Katrina Groves: So go ahead and take two and then I'll write a script for you to to increase it when it runs out, you'll be taken to a day or or you can or you just start taking to and next time I see you, I can. You can let me know how it works.
Gracie Chisman: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because if it doesn't work.
Gracie Chisman: So sure, I tried taking more Suboxone or what Jessica ended up taking four of them all together. And like I was still craving.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so you're not craving the narcotics right
Gracie Chisman: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: So that's why Suboxone only fits the Narc if you were craving narcotics like opioids, or heroin or something, then that would be appropriate, but
Gracie Chisman: You're like, I'm having like a craving for Hillary. He is because of how much pain. I'm in
Gracie Chisman: Mm hmm. That's it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I remember you're paying before he didn't eat take gosh, no. Not Neurontin or you on
Gracie Chisman: Something I don't
Have a pen.
Okay.
Gracie Chisman: I can't, I can't remember. We only thing I know that I'm on for pain right now is my marijuana does writing and that's not even helping right now.
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I think that the shoulder thing you'll have to talk with Dr Keeter as far as
Gracie Chisman: You know it's most likely a
Dr Katrina Groves: Strain or sprain.
Dr Katrina Groves: It'll hopefully get better, but you might need it to get looked at
Dr Katrina Groves: But in the meantime, I think that trying that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Craving medicine.
Dr Katrina Groves: For alcohol. It's called campus can Prowler, it's a longer name, but I can try and prescribe that and see if your insurance will cover it for you.
Gracie Chisman: Okay, like if I drink with it. Will it make you detox like a suboptimal
Dr Katrina Groves: No, no, no. That's you're thinking of an abuse and that's Nope. It doesn't work like that. You start out taking like one three times a day. And it's kind of a pain. You got to take two, three times a day. Eventually, but that's what you're taking any way with your Suboxone
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So they work well together and they stop the cravings, the same way. And hopefully you'll be able to get, get some counseling and figure out or or hang out with, with your boyfriend more talk with people.
Gracie Chisman: No, that's, that's what I've been doing. I've been trying to reach out and everything.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because you know when you isolate you get word
Gracie Chisman: Yeah we op. And that's my thing is I like to isolate
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I'm really trying not to do that right now at this point.
Good.
Gracie Chisman: Really, let me not do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me go back to I don't think I got through your whole history.
Dr Katrina Groves: After the surgery, what surgeries, were you talking about the five years ago when you have your sweat surgeries.
Gracie Chisman: Which one
Gracie Chisman: I've had enough to
Gracie Chisman: Drink. Okay.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: I've had. Let's see. I've had by four.
Gracie Chisman: Oh, go through them go.
Gracie Chisman: I think
I've had
Gracie Chisman: I've had a partial his truck may have had an abortion. I've had
Gracie Chisman: For kidney stone ablation. I've had a stent put in and removed out of my right kidney. I've had a lymph node removed on my life growing I've had my tubes tied. I've had my uterus. A blazed twice.
Gracie Chisman: I've had diagnostic surgeries twice. I've had a colonoscopy. I've had pre cancer cells removed off my cervical wall.
Dr Katrina Groves: You had your desk. Did you get any
Dr Katrina Groves: Nothing happened with your back.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, I know you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Back pain but
Gracie Chisman: No surgery I
Gracie Chisman: Never had a surgery on my back, because I know that once you start having a surgery on your back and make so weaker. So I've, I've held off on that one.
Gracie Chisman: Okay. But yeah, we don't know how much longer. That's going to hold off.
Gracie Chisman: Um,
Gracie Chisman: What else have I had
Dr Katrina Groves: tonsils appendix breast gallstones.
Gracie Chisman: Slow. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you been in the hospital for any other reason like besides those surgeries. Did you have an any overdoses or did you
Gracie Chisman: I've never had overdoses. I've had
Gracie Chisman: Infections that were starting to seep into my blood and everything.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that's scary. Yeah, no endocarditis though your heart valves are okay.
Gracie Chisman: Um, I have heart murmur and
Gracie Chisman: carnation of the heart.
Gracie Chisman: That I was born with, I guess.
Gracie Chisman: I've
Gracie Chisman: Always that I know I've, I've never had problems with that. I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is there um
Dr Katrina Groves: I want to go through your family history is your mom still alive.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah. Monte okay
Dr Katrina Groves: Dear I'm sorry to hear that. Do you guys have contact or no.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, does she have any
Dr Katrina Groves: Heart problems or history of stroke or diabetes or high blood pressure.
Gracie Chisman: I'm just thyroid and I'm not sure what all else is wrong with her.
Gracie Chisman: Besides, high blood pressure and stuff. My grandparents. They had diabetes and stuff like that too and cancer, breast cancer.
Gracie Chisman: Like pressure
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: What kind of breast cancer was your mom's mom or your mom dad's mom.
Gracie Chisman: My Mom's Mom and my mom sister.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but not your mother as far as, you know,
Gracie Chisman: No, not as far as I know.
Dr Katrina Groves: And use your father still living.
Gracie Chisman: And my biological father, as far as I know, if it is actually hand then yeah, he still living. If it's not him and my adoptive father than no he's not living
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, any siblings. I know your brother died other other sibs
Brothers sister.
Gracie Chisman: Died.
Dr Katrina Groves: know who's who. Other other siblings. How many
Dr Katrina Groves: Brothers and sisters, do you have
Gracie Chisman: My mom had six kids and my dad so far that we have found, I am the youngest of seven.
Gracie Chisman: On who's supposed to be my biological father side if it's my adopted father. That's my actual biological than as far as I know, if I don't have. Oh, I have one brother besides my brothers from my mom.
Dr Katrina Groves: Big family. Do you know if there's a lot of substance use in the in your
Dr Katrina Groves: Brothers and sisters, yeah.
Gracie Chisman: And my brothers and sisters, not so much. I don't know about my dad side my mother's side my oldest brother is a huge attic huge attic.
Gracie Chisman: Nearly 50 years old. No, no hope for him and my younger siblings. My sister. She drinks a lot. Um,
Gracie Chisman: Any other jobs. Besides that, I know she's toddled around with TMS and Coke, but I don't know if she's still got them or not, but I know she drinks still heavily because been having to get on to her about going up to the bars every weekend with my daughter, my oldest daughter.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, and getting pulled over for DUI for my daughter with her.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Other than that, and I have a younger brother that smokes a lot of pot and that's all he does, he doesn't smoke cigarettes or drink or nothing like that. And then my other younger brother, he's a CEO and he drinks quite a bit of beer and stuff like that but that's about it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how many pregnancies Gracie.
Gracie Chisman: Three two births actual birth living verse
Dr Katrina Groves: And one miscarriage or abortion.
Gracie Chisman: Abortion. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And allergies, you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Seen more
Gracie Chisman: Like it in and morphine.
Got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the Viking and makes you itchy and the morphing makes you
Gracie Chisman: Kills me.
Dr Katrina Groves: It was Seidel.
Gracie Chisman: Know, literally within less than 10 minutes. They're coming in the room and counter reacting and morphing because
Gracie Chisman: It kills me.
Dr Katrina Groves: We don't want that.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I'm red flag on that one.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I have the two girls. And then I had one abortion.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And so I'm just going to run through review of systems. So like from head to toe. If you can just tell me if you've had any of these symptoms in the last few days or a week.
Dr Katrina Groves: So Fevers or chills.
Dr Katrina Groves: Guess, really, are you sick.
Gracie Chisman: I don't know if I'm going through menopause or not.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're 37 months a bit young, but he's got a lot going on.
Gracie Chisman: But having interest removed and all that stuff and they say that can throw you into it.
Dr Katrina Groves: It can
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you talking about, like, night sweats them or actual fevers, like your
Gracie Chisman: Your have night sweats. Okay. Like I wake up drenched
Dr Katrina Groves: OK, I see that Mountain Dew.
Gracie Chisman: Know sprite.
Gracie Chisman: Good job. Drink Mountain Dew. That's too much sugar and caffeine.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I'm glad to see you're reaching for something better than the booze. There you go.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so what about weight gain or weight loss. That's worried you
Gracie Chisman: Know it's not worried me so I'm happy with the weight gain. I've had
Dr Katrina Groves: OK.
Gracie Chisman: And then up to like 141 45 now my goal weight was one for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: That you looks much better on you. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so any feeling tired during the day. Like you could just
Gracie Chisman: Sleep all yes yes that's that last the major last couple weeks. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Anything with your vision like loss of vision blurry vision double vision.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, a lot of blurry vision, but I don't know if that's maybe because I need my glasses and they'll have glasses because they broke
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you feel like it gets blurry off and on, or just all the time when you try to read
Gracie Chisman: I'm often on all the time. It depends on what I'm looking at. And how far away it is and everything.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is there any pain in your eyes or redness or
Dr Katrina Groves: dryness and your eyes.
Gracie Chisman: Drive dryness itchiness, and just okay
Do you have allergies.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, from all the wind and dust lately. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: I would say so.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when this virus thing comes down, I'd be good to get your vision checked.
Gracie Chisman: And just know I know I need to get my vision check because I've had glasses before
Gracie Chisman: You play like I got a referral from Dr cater and I called the eye clinic and stuff. And they said that they were still waiting on my insurance to me but
Gracie Chisman: Because I would really like to have some glasses. They would really help me actually
Gracie Chisman: Because my boyfriend has glasses and I tried on some of his and I was like, oh my god, I can see
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Try it, you know, Dollar Tree, you can get away with some of the magnifies for a while.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Unless you have stigmatism
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I have stigmatism yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So any trouble with your ears like hearing or pain or drainage or
Gracie Chisman: Um, well, I always my ears always sensitive from Mountain, the wind or a single star hurting automatically. Um, but yeah. Like, it depends on
Gracie Chisman: Like, right now I'm I have my earbuds in my left ear instead of my right ear, because I actually hear better in my left ear than my right year
Gracie Chisman: Which probably has to do with shooting guns a lot
Gracie Chisman: So I don't know. I've always had problems with my right ear, though. Ever since I was a little kid, I used to have to always pray and cotton balls and stuff like that. And it was I kid. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what about your nose and your throat and any problems with sores on your mouth or your lips or your town.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now trouble swallowing.
Gracie Chisman: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: hoarseness of your voice.
Gracie Chisman: Every now and then, my hope my voice will go just like raspy are really like
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Why sounding. Okay, that's about it. No nosebleeds not no actually, amazingly, I haven't had a nosebleed in like a year now.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how's your dental
Gracie Chisman: And my my bottom case. I still need to go and get those checked out, see if they can do read line or something on my mentors.
Gracie Chisman: Because they're still like a when I get stressed out, you know, I get locked jaw really bad. And so then I i clench all the time and my bottom center cuts down into my elite glands.
Gracie Chisman: Under no well
Gracie Chisman: I remember that. Yeah. Yeah. And so then, like, you know, if they irritated. Then when food gets in there, they even get more is so I've
Gracie Chisman: I have noticed just a hint of pain and irritation in the last
Gracie Chisman: Two, three days now because of that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that concerns me because I remember you had a really bad infection that was actually from this Suboxone
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, and I actually had to have antibiotics for because it was making me sick.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right.
Gracie Chisman: So how is it taking the
Dr Katrina Groves: Suboxone with this under your tongue. Now, does that bother you, or
Gracie Chisman: I've noticed it's kind of weird because, you know, alcohol is like almost like a disinfectant, but yet.
Gracie Chisman: it irritates yeah thankfully gland, especially if I'm not. If I don't brush my teeth like every day, twice a day or something right yeah you can automatically start feeling just like small up and start hurting a little bit. No, dear. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I hope that gets better, because otherwise we might have to switch to to like the the been avail or I mean there's even a shot so box on now has a shot.
Gracie Chisman: Once a month.
Gracie Chisman: It's kind of I was reading about that. But does it
Gracie Chisman: I mean,
Gracie Chisman: I don't know. I
Gracie Chisman: Like in the mornings when I get up and I before I take my absolves like I can, I can feel a difference after I take my absolves like
Gracie Chisman: My pain and everything subsides enough to where I can like, deal with it. Right.
Gracie Chisman: So this is a little bit
Dr Katrina Groves: Back and it's a little different, like right now you're doing this, you're going up and then they don't like you take it and it feels better. And then it drops down and then you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Another one.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what's the sublet Kate is actually starts out higher and stays higher longer
Dr Katrina Groves: So it's not so much up and down. But, you know, you'd have to try it and see how it worked for your body. Some people even they do the sub blockade and they take a little bit of sub solve on top of it when they need to, if the pain is bad.
Gracie Chisman: So really,
Gracie Chisman: You know, it's a possibility. Okay, well, to look into that. Then
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean it's kind of night with your, with your tongue like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: That you may not tolerate this for years and years and years. That might be a good idea. Oh, yeah. Talk to Daria because she's signing people up that wants to buy
Dr Katrina Groves: Some blockade and like I said it's a once a month shot and then you don't have to mess around with stuff onto your tongue and
Dr Katrina Groves: And so you would have to try it out. I would suggest at least two months because the first month is kind of stabilizing you the second month is really good. And then you decide after that, if it's good or not good. You can go right back on this on the sub solve if you wanted
Gracie Chisman: Yeah yeah cuz he usually what I do is I take to my sub solves every day, at least, and then throughout today if I if I feel like I need to all either take two more.
Gracie Chisman: I'm dear. Yeah. Because like I i usually only take two at a time to where if I need to take two more. I'm able to. Otherwise my prescription last me longer than ways, it should anyways because I'm supposed to be taken three a day, but I will take two at a time.
Dr Katrina Groves: So there's some days that you take to and that's all you need.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because it must I'm trying to figure out how that last year. If you're taking for a day, sometimes, but I guess that's because some days you take two and some days you take for
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I mean, there's there's days where all I'll take actually three. But yeah, it's either two or four that I usually take. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm okay. Do you have any trouble with your, your neck. You were talking about your shoulder. But do you have neck pain and as well.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah. Yeah, like when I moved my shoulder certain ways, like I have this pain that comes down here in my neck and goes down my shoulder so
Dr Katrina Groves: How's it going into your hands at all, or your
Gracie Chisman: Arm no no not really a little bit into my arm I showed my boyfriend, the pin point of where I was feeling my pain. He says sound like my rotator cuff.
More
Gracie Chisman: About splice
Gracie Chisman: Point to it. Older yeah my
Dr Katrina Groves: Point to it for me.
Gracie Chisman: Oh, okay. So take right here where you're
Gracie Chisman: Collaborating
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Not like follow me to your collarbone and stuff like that.
Gracie Chisman: Like they're not full for drawing
Got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's not on the outside of the shoulder, then
Gracie Chisman: It's like on the Friday in like in it.
Gracie Chisman: Now,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and that's not likely a rotator cuff. Usually, can you move your arm all the way up.
Now,
Gracie Chisman: I can wipe my butt and that's about it.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you haven't any problems or moving down into your heart, um, any chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations, Gracie.
Gracie Chisman: I've had a lot of pressure lately.
Dr Katrina Groves: Really does that anxiety. Do you think
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, it said died.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you think you're going through withdrawals from the alcohol. If you ever ended up like having diabetes. You drank enough like do you feel like
Gracie Chisman: You know I KEEP I KEEP WATCHING cadet. I don't know. I don't feel like I have but you know i at the same time I start questioning myself if I have overnight or
Dr Katrina Groves: What's the longest period of time that you have not drink 24 hours I'm in between drinks, maybe
Gracie Chisman: Two days three days. Yeah, yeah. I didn't go to three days between drinks.
Gracie Chisman: Even when you write in third day though I'm actually really wanted i doing
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, but do you get with do get symptoms like shaking and sweating and puking and withdrawals and like
Dr Katrina Groves: Not use a nation. Okay.
Gracie Chisman: I was gonna say, yet no
Dr Katrina Groves: That's good. That means that you're not like that you could stop and
Dr Katrina Groves: We can get you that medicine was very likely to help them.
Gracie Chisman: Stay in and see that's what scares me is because you know I'm not getting that yet. And I'm just like waiting for it to happen. I don't want it to happen is, like, great.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when it does, what can you do, you can go to your, your support boyfriend now.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, oh yeah, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, I hate
Dr Katrina Groves: To lose him because he got out of a relationship that was based on, you know, bad feelings with alcohol. So I would think that you would try real hard not to sabotage that relationship.
Gracie Chisman: Oh yeah, no, but he also knows that I'm different situation than that was completely good. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, um, any swelling in your legs at all or
Gracie Chisman: I'm ankles and feet nuts about it. I fell in the this is so embarrassing. My boyfriend has
Gracie Chisman: His duplex okay has two bathrooms one bathroom is a complete handicap.
Gracie Chisman: wheelchair accessible shower.
Gracie Chisman: I fell in it. The other night, and I have
Gracie Chisman: A bruise the size of a softball on my ass now.
The falling
Gracie Chisman: And everybody's asked me, how do you fall in a handicap shower. Yeah, they got bars and stuff. I was like what the shower wasn't doing this job because it didn't catch me
Gracie Chisman: Catch it is a ball. I am
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so any other problems with your skin like
Gracie Chisman: Itching drying. Yes. Yes. Um,
I know
Gracie Chisman: Last time I seen Dr cater I had talked to her about it and she said it was like a psoriasis looking stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Gracie Chisman: And I was like, whoa, you know, I've never had this before. I've never had this problem. I've never had eczema that I know of, or anything. And now all of a sudden, I'm getting these patches.
Gracie Chisman: The image and they're dry and they get flaky and stuff. And she said, you know, they can you do from stress and everything. Yeah, so I don't know exactly what it is. But yeah, I'm getting Dry Flaky patches all over my body and shouldn't need it so bad smell funny.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you can try oatmeal baths for that if you have a bath. If you only have a shower. Try not to take showers. Very often, because when you have eczema dry skin, taking a shower wakes it worse. Right.
Gracie Chisman: Just
Gracie Chisman: Put on mainly happens like on the backside of my biceps on my
Gracie Chisman: workshops and stuff like that, or triceps and really, like, yeah, it's just like, I'll get him right back here and everything is
Dr Katrina Groves: Put some cortisone cream on it to that can help a lot with a Jing
Gracie Chisman: Now I've tried. I've tried that stuff and all that, because it's like mainly at nine time when it happens to I start just eating like everywhere non stop and
Gracie Chisman: London almost like an enzyme at it or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. Have you tried the Benadryl for that.
Gracie Chisman: No, I haven't.
Dr Katrina Groves: That might help. I mean, it might wipe you out because you already got the praises unto so but it might help with itching.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what about your stomach. A lot of people on Suboxone or some self have constipation. Is that a problem for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: No good. No diarrhea.
Dr Katrina Groves: Abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting,
Dr Katrina Groves: Anything with urination. Are you paying a lot like more than you think you should or having burning when you pee bladder infections.
Gracie Chisman: Know my urinary issues have been good since
Gracie Chisman: Last time, they're dealing with them.
Gracie Chisman: And know the last time I had a
Gracie Chisman: That STD.
Gracie Chisman: Gone earlier whatever was commedia okay
Dr Katrina Groves: But you got that.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah yeah yeah
Gracie Chisman: Yes, found out that that's probably what my issue was for like three months.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, people don't know that.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah. Well, I thought it. I thought it was you know a UTI, and I didn't think that I had gotten it for the second time actually. And so I thought was just a UTI. And then finally, I mean it just got unbearable and then come to find out. Yeah, I was dirty.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, oh yeah cuz I was seeing a guy at Keller lifelike.
Gracie Chisman: Actually, dear, the mechanics there. And yeah, when I told him about it. He was like, oh, you probably had it in your system. It was probably hiding for the last year's something I'm like dude.
Gracie Chisman: No, it just got tested, because I just went through this just couple years ago and everything, and he wouldn't even go and get tested too.
Gracie Chisman: Dark or anything. And so that's why I ended that relationship.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah well that's good because there
Gracie Chisman: Wasn't like I told him, like you're
Gracie Chisman: You're a man you work at collar life like you know the dangers of all this bullshit and you don't even want to go and get checked like and you just want to blame me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, maybe he did later, who knows.
Gracie Chisman: I don't know if it was later it was too late.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're better off you're better off now with your partner you got
Gracie Chisman: Already
Gracie Chisman: Know, yeah. Yeah, no, this guy like I can understand why God made me go through hell before I go with him.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, that's great.
Gracie Chisman: Like no, he's like the same as me, like, we went through a lot of shit with our exes and stuff and just we deserve to actually be happy and know he has kids I have kids. He has two daughters. I have two daughters.
Gracie Chisman: I mean it. It really works out and then him knowing, like a lot of my past and everything from my home life, my brother Calvin, shake it really helps. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm so glad
Dr Katrina Groves: You guys are you can be friends, you know, to because he had that history together.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, my dear, so
Dr Katrina Groves: I think I'm about done.
Dr Katrina Groves: Um,
Gracie Chisman: How's everything going with you though.
Gracie Chisman: Done with me. Okay.
Gracie Chisman: No, honestly.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not quite done with you, but I am fine. My dad actually is the reason I moved up here. You probably know to take care of my dad because he has dementia.
Dr Katrina Groves: But he went down to visit my sister and
Dr Katrina Groves: Didn't come back yet. And now the virus has gone on, so I don't know when he's going to be able to come back.
Gracie Chisman: I know that's just missing everybody up
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, are you panicked about that. Are you okay
Gracie Chisman: I have mixed feelings about that. I'm okay with it, like, you know, just
Dr Katrina Groves: Isolate. I mean, seriously.
Gracie Chisman: Bull. Yeah, okay. Only thing I can think of is just disinfect and clean with bleach.
Gracie Chisman: Just be a clean person, not a dirty person.
Dr Katrina Groves: Your lungs are a little bit of a weakness for you. Gracie, so I'd be really careful and cautious. If you don't have to get a job right away. Great. If you do, then make sure you get yourself isolated like not with a bunch of people maybe the surveillance would be a good thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, since I'm going to say
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, so when do you need your soft film.
Gracie Chisman: And I actually just got that field to. Yeah, you did good.
Dr Katrina Groves: On the fort Tabor was it or
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, so I won't need it until
Gracie Chisman: They gave me a month's worth again.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and that's fine. I just need to what what day would be better for you. I'm doing two groups. Now I'm doing one group. It's like this telemedicine with all the people from clinic or, you know, several
Dr Katrina Groves: Either Monday nights at 545 till 645 or Thursday mornings at 10 ish because now there's no group that clinic right now.
Gracie Chisman: Okay, um,
Dr Katrina Groves: I guess. No, you don't.
Dr Katrina Groves: You don't have a job and we can always change it if you get a job and those don't work for you, but
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, it really doesn't matter to me at the moment. Probably the morning one because
Gracie Chisman: Getting that yeah my old man, he
Gracie Chisman: He goes to work at like five o'clock in the morning gets off about four or five in the afternoon so
Dr Katrina Groves: So you'd like to spend time with them. Yeah, right. So if your prescription was, do you think it was around the 14th or is there a different day because I'm going to try and make your next visit your next group with me would be when you need your script. So that would be
Gracie Chisman: Probably like I think it was like maybe the 10th or the wall.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you would need to do April 6
Gracie Chisman: Though actually wait
Dr Katrina Groves: You want to go look at your box.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, I'll go look at my box.
All right.
Gracie Chisman: I have no idea. Exactly.
Gracie Chisman: Sometimes I think it's only one day that's gone by. It's like a week.
Gracie Chisman: And a leg. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Nice little house are you guys I'm in Klamath
Gracie Chisman: No worries. Crescent City or in Crescent City. Yeah, I met the mini Rez in Crescent City on maiden lane.
Dr Katrina Groves: I like the the nice design out friend the American Indian
Dr Katrina Groves: Design. Oh yeah, right.
Gracie Chisman: Okay, so it says original date 313
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, so one, two,
Dr Katrina Groves: That was a Friday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. So probably the six. Can you put down on your schedule that you'll come to you said, Oh, sorry. Sorry. You want the morning so Thursday, April 9
Gracie Chisman: April 9 at what time 10 o'clock.
Dr Katrina Groves: But you know how long it takes to get in. They have to ask you some questions on bright heart so try to get in like around 945 or so.
Gracie Chisman: So I so I need to join the group at about 945 940 or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: That'd be great.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you call the same number they put you in this virtual clinic. It's like the front desk people
Dr Katrina Groves: And then they'll
Dr Katrina Groves: They'll put you in with my group and then it'll be
Gracie Chisman: I think there's a few other people in
Dr Katrina Groves: Not many right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is there anyone. Gracie, that you cannot absolutely be
Gracie Chisman: In a group with
Dr Katrina Groves: Any people from clinic or from group that you like had this horrible.
Dr Katrina Groves: altercation that you hate the person and you can't you
Gracie Chisman: Know, as far as I know of everybody in group, I can have group with, I don't think, I don't think I've ever had a problem with anybody else in group.
Gracie Chisman: Good. I have. I've dealt with it outside of grant
Dr Katrina Groves: I just always asked because there are times like people have restraining orders against each other or their or their husband and wife, and they can't be in the same group just things like that.
Gracie Chisman: And then my ex husband eight in group.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's good.
Gracie Chisman: Yo,
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so put yourself down and note 940 April 9 which is a Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, that makes me dizzy. I was that there
Dr Katrina Groves: Was like looking at your clothes.
Gracie Chisman: Like a pack of cigarettes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh dear.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, so let me um
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me call in a prescription for that new medicine for alcohol cravings and see if it works for you.
Gracie Chisman: Okay, yeah, that would that would really be awesome, because if that can help that would really be nice because yeah I'm I'm trying to do this by myself and I'm really having a hard time doing it and I'm realizing it. Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Reach out to Tommy. She's a drug and alcohol counselor drug and alcohol. So she's actually having a group Gracie on Monday.
Dr Katrina Groves: And it's going to be a virtual like this because there's no groups at the clinic, but if you get on your phone and call in to Tony they'll figure out how to it's at 10 o'clock on Monday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Might be good to join if you wanted some extra
Gracie Chisman: Help. Yeah, it would be around that time I'll be at my daughter's also at the same time, her, her and her boyfriend are taking my ex husband down to reading for ointments on his beans and shit like that since his rack. He had years ago.
Okay.
Gracie Chisman: And I have to go watch my grand puppies.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, that might not work for you, then, but
Gracie Chisman: Mama grant. I'm a grand puppy.
Gracie Chisman: Puppy.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, if it works. I'm trying to check in with Tony and then you're going to increase the Lexapro. The eschatology program to to a day. Right, and that's going to start helping right away. I would just take two tonight, instead of one. Okay.
Gracie Chisman: I'll do that.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're okay on your presents and you don't need refills for your nightmare pills.
Gracie Chisman: I just actually got everything refill. Just the other day. Pretty much all set for my Escuela ES. Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, they eat.
Gracie Chisman: Yeah. Yeah. That one I got refilled like maybe a week ago with that. Okay, so I'm doing really good on all that
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any questions for me. Gracie about anything for bright heart or anything else.
Gracie Chisman: Not right now. If I think of any all write them down though for the next time. Okay, there
Dr Katrina Groves: They are going to have you send a urine test in the mail so
Dr Katrina Groves: When you get it. Don't open it just call them and they'll walk you through how to do it.
Gracie Chisman: Okay, so they'll actually send it to me in the mail.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, oh yeah.
Gracie Chisman: Cool. So, okay. Same. Can I give you another address to have that sent to
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, sure. And we should probably tell them. Okay, go ahead. Okay.
Gracie Chisman: Um, it is. Hello.
Dr Katrina Groves: Look at the
Gracie Chisman: Aim
Gracie Chisman: Is to 45 maiden lane manner number 11
Dr Katrina Groves: maiden lane manner.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Number 11 to 45 maiden lane manner.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Crescent City. Got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And also they're going to want you to do bloodwork after the virus thing lifts, they'll put some lab work in that you can go to the clinic and get drawn
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, she told me that once the day open back up and structural have an order for me. They're waiting whatever for me to come in and do I guess.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and that'll be good. It's for your liver functions and want to make sure with
Dr Katrina Groves: Your drinking. How is your liver how your kidneys. How, how was all that, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that'll be good.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, well, I'm really glad I had a chance to see you and catch up and
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, this is so much nicer. I don't have to go somewhere just to see you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I
Gracie Chisman: Just do it from my home. Exactly. So
Gracie Chisman: Look, I do this with all doctors is be awesome.
Dr Katrina Groves: I would love that. Right now I'm we're trying to do more of that with the virus. So I'd rather do be unsafe in my house and talk to people, then
Gracie Chisman: Writing it. Yeah, how's the virus girl, where you are.
Dr Katrina Groves: There's all two cases right now, but nothing widespread yet, people are doing pretty good about isolating and not going out next
Gracie Chisman: Chair and a king and stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, exactly, which is nice. You look like you're not either. So, and you know what people that are panicking that we've talked about, you know, you've been through chaos before in your addiction, you've been out of control.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you guys
Dr Katrina Groves: You know how to do this. You've been there. You've done that so
Gracie Chisman: This just feels like a fake
Gracie Chisman: Phenomenon that's happening just kind of like, wait for it to actually happened. But it's like not really happening to us. It seems like
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Gracie Chisman: It's kind of not real. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Because the other bullshit so much more real than it
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. Well, it'll probably hit Crystal City. Eventually, I think there was a couple cases in humble, but, you know, pretty much. Everyone's just going to get the flu and then they're over it and then they're fine. It's the
Gracie Chisman: People
Dr Katrina Groves: The old, old people. And the really young people with bad immune systems and that's who we worry about so
Gracie Chisman: Yeah, so that was the thing that I was kind of worried about was because the last time I had that STD and all that was just a few months ago. And so they had me on three different really strong.
Gracie Chisman: Antibiotics for that and stuff, because then I ended up having ammonia also
Gracie Chisman: Oh, wow. Yeah. And so I'm still trying to like re gather from that and everything.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, well I'm gonna let you go. And I have another call. So I will see you on. And if you need to call me sooner you can, but for now I got you on April 9
Gracie Chisman: Okay, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're welcome, dear.
Gracie Chisman: great seeing you again. Good to see you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Too. You look good.
Gracie Chisman: Thank you gotta figure and
Dr Katrina Groves: Stop your video. If you can
Gracie Chisman: That's, I was just thinking, Okay, we're gonna try this.
Oops, sorry I am
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so, of course, the other ones were half an hour. And this one was an hour. She had a lot to talk about.
Dr Katrina Groves: psych impression. So do my normal template. Except her level of stress was quite high. She smoked three cigarettes during that time that we are in our visit
Dr Katrina Groves: Her mood and effect was
Dr Katrina Groves: depressed and anxious
Dr Katrina Groves: somewhat negative
Dr Katrina Groves: Some helplessness.
Dr Katrina Groves: Um, but then she rallied and was more positive. By the end of the session. And she had a full expression of our feelings during them.
Dr Katrina Groves: During the process. Otherwise, everything was normal with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Assessment, then it's up to a dependence severe in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: A number two is alcohol dependence year
Dr Katrina Groves: That is not an admission that's ongoing.
Dr Katrina Groves: nicotine dependence cigarettes.
Dr Katrina Groves: The same mild, moderate, I would say severe on that too.
Dr Katrina Groves: PTSD.
Dr Katrina Groves: Chronic PTSD.
Dr Katrina Groves: She's got
Dr Katrina Groves: Depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: Which is moderate no psychosis, it's a major depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: Recurrent
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: He has
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh pot dependence to so cannabis dependence moderate
Dr Katrina Groves: She has left shoulder pain that she will follow up with their PCP. She has eczema that she'll follow up with their PC.
Dr Katrina Groves: As well.
With herpes.
Dr Katrina Groves: She also has kidney stones history of kidney stones no longer active
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so the plan, partly as mentioned above what the PCP. So I'm going to increase her Lexapro to 20 milligrams at night. She is not need a prescription for this. This time I'm going to give her a new prescription for camp route or
Dr Katrina Groves: It can say 333 milligrams, starting at one tip increase into to
Dr Katrina Groves: Tip.
Dr Katrina Groves: She does not need a refill of herself or himself. By the way, I didn't give you the dose on that is 5.7 1.4 milligrams three daily
Dr Katrina Groves: She gets 90 a month.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is using that like you heard
Dr Katrina Groves: At least two a day sometimes
Dr Katrina Groves: Three. Sometimes four depending on pain, but she's making it last a month.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does not need a refill until I see her on April 9
Dr Katrina Groves: She's going to house under the alcohol. She's continuing to go to house and her other ad
Dr Katrina Groves: Group.
Dr Katrina Groves: Avoid self isolating under the PTSD continue with her president and Lamictal.
Dr Katrina Groves: Under the alcohol dependence. She'll be following up for possible DUI.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the address if you I'm not sure if you can put that in. Or if somebody else has to I'll, I'll probably do both, just to make sure, because she needs her urine drug screen center.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Thanks for your patience. Today, as usual, appreciate your dictating all my
Dr Katrina Groves: Stuff and I will see you back on Thursday, actually.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, take care.